tilemap world_to_map and map_to_world base local (#4638)
godotengine/godot-docs: classes/class_tilemap.rst

- :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **map_to_world** **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` map_position, :ref:`bool<class_bool>` ignore_half_ofs=false **)** |const|

> Returns the position relative to the origin of the tilemap corresponding to the given tilemap (grid-based) coordinates. To get the global position, use :ref:`to_global<class_Node2D_method_to_global>` on the result of ``map_to_world``.

Author: i am rather new to godot. would it make sense to put this into an actual example, like `mymap.to_global(mymap.map_to_world(Vector2(3, 3)))` ?

> Returns the position relative to the origin of the tilemap corresponding to the given tilemap (grid-based) coordinates. To get the global position, use :ref:`to_global<class_Node2D_method_to_global>` on the result of ``map_to_world``.

Author: while we are improving this documentation: a cell is larger than a point - it would make sense to tell what point of the cell this method returns. from observation, it seems to be the top left corner. is that always the case? should we change this to "Returns the top left corner of the cell corresponding to the given tilemap (grid-based) coordinates. The position is relative to the tilemap position. To get the global position..."

- :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` **world_to_map** **(** :ref:`Vector2<class_Vector2>` world_position **)** |const|

> Returns the tilemap (grid-based) coordinates corresponding to the given local position. To account for a tilemap origin different from (0, 0), first translate the position with :ref:`to_local<class_Node2D_method_to_local>`.

Author: ```suggestion
Returns the tilemap (grid-based) coordinates corresponding to the given local position. To account for tilemap transformations, first translate the position to the tilemap with :ref:`to_local<class_Node2D_method_to_local>`.
```
